# WISH Linux Shell

This is a project where I build a Linux shell using the C language. I have referenced [@MIMA's stories on HackerNoon](https://hackernoon.com/u/MIMA) for the same. I intend to gain more knowledge about Operating Systems from this and some other projects, most of which will be from [this repository](https://github.com/remzi-arpacidusseau/ostep-projects). This shell is called "wish" because the original project which inspired this was also called so.

There are two branches in this project. The master branch contains a simple command-line interpreter(cli) containing a parser and an executor, an abstract syntax tree (AST) and a symbol table. It will run simple commands like "ls" or the built-in dump utility but won't run other utilities like "cd" and "fg". The other branch, titles "more-comprehensive-shell" builds upon the simple shell in the master branch and adds in facilities like tokenizer and whatnot, resulting in a complete shell. However, I have been unable to get it to work as of now, mainly because I started with my first job (yayy), probably the reason why it is in a separate branch for now. This branch is still a good source to refer things and hence will stay up for now. I will again remind you here that the branch won't work and is currently for reference only.

This project, however frustrating it might have been, was a great exercise. This project is for learning purposes only, and was started mainly because I was free for a couple of months after my undergraduate degree was over.
